(dramatic music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(indistinct)
In the beginning.
it was the music that held them together.
Songs of supremacy and white power.
Two young neo-Nazis from the East
were almost always present.
Uwe Mundlos and Beate Zschäpe.
United in a hate-filled and racist conspiracy
with like-minded comrades from across the country.
This was Germany's neo-Nazi scene.
(ominous music)
(crowd singing)
Riots in the early 90s.
Refugees from the war zones of the world.
had been settled in camps across Germany.
many in the East.
They were targeted by the neo-Nazis.
and some fanatics went beyond arson.
(gun fires)
(speaking in foreign language)
This masked man is now in prison.
He was once a key leader of the neo-Nazis scene
in Thüringer.
(speaking in foreign language)
This Mr. Böhnhardt was in jail for assaulting a child.
(tense music)
After his jail time.
Uwe Böhnhardt returned to Jena. Lobeda where he grew up.
He soon hooked up with Beate Zschäpe from a nearby town.
and Uwe Mundlos.
When the old authority collapsed.
both old and neo-Nazis made a grab for power in Jena.
(speaking in foreign language)
(rioters shouting)
(rioters screaming)
In late 1992. neo-Nazis torched two residential buildings
in the town of Mölln. three Turks.
including two little girls perished in the flames.
A few months later.
five people were killed when Nazi set fire
to a house in Solingen.
and again children who were among the dead.
The Domestic Intelligence Agency.
tasked with protecting the country against right-wing terror
was growing concerned.
The situation was getting out of control.
(speaking in foreign language)
Right-wing terror was not new to Germany.
In 1980. Obama designated at the October Fest.
killing 13 innocent people.
The suspect was known to have trained
with the right-wing paramilitary (indistinct)
a group already infiltrated by several government informers.
In the 1970s. one informer participated in bombing attacks
on U.S targets in Germany.
but authorities continued to rely on them.
(speaking in foreign language)
Domestic Intelligence wanted more informers.
The use of informers in the radical scene.
is extremely dangerous.
They carry a load on two shoulders.
and no one can ever be sure where they really stand.
They belong.
They cooperate.
They betray.
Some government informers. such as neo-Nazi Ralph Misener.
actually participated in an arson attack
on refugee residences.
At the time. he was a leader of a skinhead group.
that set fire to the building.
Yet still. he became a paid government informer
of Domestic Intelligence.
(speaking in foreign language)
One of the first informers recruited in the early 90s.
was soon to deliver results.
His name was Thomas Richter. codenamed Corelli.
and he met Uwe Mundlos in the military in 1995
Corelli reported that Mundlos helped establish a group
of neo-Nazis in Jena.
And from then on. Domestic Intelligence had a source
on Mundlos and his activities.
(speaking in foreign language)
Neo-Nazis in both East and West often celebrate
the anniversary of the death of Hitler's deputy. Rudolf Hess
Uwe Mudlos. Beate Zschäpe. and Uwe Böhnhardt.
attended regularly.
So did a little Fatboy who assumed
to play an important role. Tino Brandt.
(speaking in foreign language)
Tino Brandt became a key player in the scene.
He was only 17 at the time.
I should have been
(speaking in foreign language)
With the collapse of the East block.
government authority also collapsed.
Regeneration which has been defined by state socialism.
was left without orientation.
During the end forest. the village of Rudolf stat.
it was here that Tino Brandt organized the neo-Nazis scene.
1992. the town was in the headlines.
Then a huge public demonstration.
Hundreds of neo-Nazis marched
through this small East German town.
(speaking in foreign language)
The demonstration was organized by Thomas Dienel.
Tino Brandt's neo-Nazi role model. a fanatic.
(speaking in foreign language)
(audience clapping)
Having lied on (foreign language)
One speech. one platform.
Murder.
It wasn't until this appearance by Thomas Dienel
that local police began to clamp down.
trying now to get the situation under control.
(speaking in foreign language)
In 1995.
Tino Brandt founded the Thüringer Heimatschutz.
Right-wing brotherhoods were beginning to cooperate
in pursuit of a common goal.
(speaking in foreign language)
The members of Heimatschutz started
to provoke authorities.
testing limits. seeking to dominate the region.
They began with a dummy bomb.
(speaking in foreign language)
It didn't stop there.
The fanatical neo-Nazis of the Heimatschutz
continued their provocative activities.
Interrupting Memorial services for the victims of fascism.
It was a coordinated campaign.
(speaking in foreign language)
State investigators founded task Force Rex.
It soon identified Uwe Böhnhardt
as a key figure in Heimatschutz.
They searched his parents' house on a regular basis.
(speaking in foreign language)
In the city of Jena. 1996.
a terrorist cell was launched.
When the president of the Central Council
of Jews Ignatz Bubis visited a concentration camp nearby.
a dummy with a star of David was found hanging in effigy.
(speaking in foreign language)
Uwe Böhnhardt. Uwe Mundlos.
in their Heimatschutz comrades.
match through the concentration camp
in Brown trousers and shirts.
uniforms like Hitler stormtroopers.
As if the camp had never been liberated.
As if the victims of the Holocaust had never existed.
(speaking in foreign language)
The Jena brotherhood had a strong presence in the region.
They made noisy appearances at the trial
of right-wing extremist Manfred Roeder.
who had desecrated the antiwar exhibit in Erfurt.
There were plenty of role models for the young neo-Nazis.
In this period.
the Rex task force expanded its investigations.
observing and analyzing the Heimatschutz.
They were noticed.
(speaking foreign language)
Investigators were also well-informed.
They had identified a major weakness in the neo-Nazis scene.
It was easy to recruit informers.
(speaking in foreign language)
Authorities were well aware that this was not a playground.
These were dedicated underground fighters.
(speaking in foreign language)
At the time.
police didn't know that Heimatschutz members
were already training for armed struggle
on former Soviet military basis.
(dramatic music)
In October. 1996. Uwe Böhnhardt was sentenced
to three years in prison for illegal firearms.
Police work was paying off.
or so it seemed.
But Böhnhardt remained a free man.
And he took his revenge together
with Mundlos and other friends.
He sent dummy letter bombs to police.
the city administration and the newspaper.
(speaking in foreign language)
The task force pursued Heimatschutz stubbornly
but it seemed they were making little progress.
(speaking in foreign language)
The police had a shadow adversary.
After the downfall of socials. Germany and the secret police
Domestic Intelligence from the West took the lead.
(crowd singing in foreign language)
(speaking in foreign language)
Tino Brandts became an informer for Domestic Intelligence.
codename Otto.
The head of Heimatschutz
was now receiving a government paycheck.
(speaking in foreign language)
Brandt also received secret tips from Domestic Intelligence.
about ongoing police investigations.
They wanted to protect him as a source.
(speaking in foreign language)
In early 1997.
a lethal threat emanating from right-wing extremists.
again became visible.
One of them. a German neo-Nazi named Kai D snow.
fatally shot a policeman.
and seriously injured another.
He claimed he was a soldier of the white area in resistance.
among the fanatics.
This made him an idol.
(speaking in foreign language)
The taskforce wrecks at local police noticed
that Heimatschutz was making concrete plans
to take their resistance underground.
How searches had uncovered detailed sabotage manuals.
(speaking in foreign language)
Uwe Böhnhardt put his knowledge into practice.
tinkering with bombs in the bedroom of his parents' flat.
but it didn't stop there.
Böhnhardt. Mundlos and others
continued their paramilitary training
on abandoned military sites.
They practiced with firearms and explosives.
(speaking in foreign language)
The Domestic Intelligence Agency
was also following developments closely.
They launched an operation called (indistinct)
its goal to recruit more informers.
The motto. apparently the more. the merrier.
(speaking in foreign language)
As part of this operation. the young Heimatschutz members.
Mundlos. Böhnhardt and Zschäpe were also considered
for recruitment. but neither of the two men.
nor Beate Zschäpe were recruited.
The German authorities in charge confirm this.
At the time. Jena was brimming with intelligence agents
and undercover police officers.
The one gathering sources within the organization.
the other gathering evidence for a criminal trial.
In autumn 1997. the police had the initiative.
during a search of Heimatschutz offices.
they discovered alarming evidence
that the neo-Nazis were arming themselves.
(speaking in foreign language)
Not in the beginning.
the thoughts rang true to some.
(speaking in foreign language)
The local police commissioner issued a public warning
about a right-wing terrorist group.
(speaking in foreign language)
Political correctness however does not stop terrorism.
Uwe Böhnhardt and his accomplices placed a suitcase bomb
in front of the theater in Jena.
It contained a few grams of TNT.
(speaking in foreign language)
Shortly afterwards. Böhnhardt was sentenced
to two years by the appeals court.
His undoing was a telephone call with Beate Zschäpe
about the sale of neo-Nazi rock CDs.
That was illegal.
But again. Böhnhardt did not land in jail.
The police were still shadowing him.
They wanted to know where the bombs
and the dummies were built.
(speaking in foreign language)
Domestic Intelligence was successful immediately.
And the very first day.
Mundlos and Böhnhardt led their tails to a secret hideaway.
(speaking in foreign language)
Although Domestic Intelligence already stumbled
upon the secret bomb factory.
They kept their knowledge to themselves.
for nearly two months.
The garage allegedly was neither searched
nor observed and Böhnhardt remained free.
(speaking in foreign language)
In January. 1998. Böhnhardt demonstrated
against the antiwar exhibit.in Dresden.
along with Uwe Mundlos and Beate Zschäpe.
She was holding a banner. nationalism.
an idea six activists.
One day after the demonstration
police finally searched the secret garage.
and Böhnhardt's apartment.
(speaking in foreign language)
After some delays.
when the police finally entered the garage.
they found a bag full of tea and tea
as well as a number of pipe bombs.
Some of them under construction.
Böhnhardt waited at his home. surrounded by police.
(speaking in foreign language)
Uwe Mundlos and Beate Zschäpe connected with Böhnhardt.
Together. the trio fled the town.
(speaking in foreign languaage)
In the coming months. over a dozen comrades
from Heimatschutz. helped the fugitives with money. cars
and communications.
(speaking in foreign language)
(tense music)
The trio drove East.
and sought shelter in the city of Chemnitz.
Here they had many supporters.
but support for the fugitives was difficult.
Police were targeting the trio in a public manhunt.
(speaking in foreign language)
Two weeks after their disappearance.
taskforce Rex presented his findings
from the garage on local television.
(speaking in foreign language)
Local Domestic Intelligence was also searching intensively
for the trio.
And soon tracked them down.
But taskforce dubbed operation triplet.
was observing local neo-Nazis.
and soon discovered the fugitives were hiding in Chemnitz.
The trio led to the neo-Nazi movement.
blood and honor.
Its leaders were Toma stacker and Deon Vana.
The two men maintained close relations
with violent neo-Nazi groups in the USA.
The German blood and honor group was strongly influenced
by British and American white supremacists.
One insider from blood and honor can be found
in the USA today.
Achim Schmid.
He spent years with violent neo-Nazis.
(speaking in foreign language)
Smack in the middle of a very hardcore scene.
In the 1990s. Schmid was a celebrated singer
in the right-wing rock scene.
Fanatical racism was the foundation.
(speaking in foreign language)
The neo-Nazis from Jena also believed
in the approaching race war.
They burned crosses in the forests near their hometown.
Uwe Böhnhardt posed with the Hitler salute.
Beate Zschäpe took pictures.
The KU Klux Klan was already active
in Germany in the early 1990s.
Led by Karsten Shapinsky.
Shapinsky was also an informer. recruited in 1994
by Domestic Intelligence in nearby Brandenburg.
His codename was Piato.
In 1998 he made contact
with Deon Vana of blood and honor.
Shapinski reported Vanna was supporting
the three fugitive skinheads with benefit concerts.
(speaking in foreign language)
In the summer of 1998.
young Vanna approached piato with a request.
He was looking for weapons for the three Nazis
in the underground.
Domestic Intelligence got word of this
but prevented the police from taking action against Piato.
Clearly. they were more interested
in protecting their sources.
than in preventing the trio from getting weapons.
Local Domestic Intelligence was even able
to contact Böhnhardt and the other fugitives
through its informer Tino Brandt.
This opportunity was used in a strange way.
(speaking in foreign language)
Domestic Intelligence knew from its sources.
that the trio needed money.
and wanted weapons for robberies.
In 1998. there was an incident.
(speaking in foreign language)
At closing time. two young men robbed a supermarket.
They were pursued by a customer.
and they fired at him.
(speaking in foreign language)
Fortunately the man was not seriously injured or killed.
but it was pure luck.
Shortly after the incident.
a large sum of money was transferred
to the girlfriend of Yon Vanna.
who was an important supporter of the neo-Nazi fugitives.
We tried to interview Vanna about the robbery
and the hunt for weapons.
He wouldn't talk about this or about his context
to militant neo-Nazis in England.
Members of the white area in resistance.
(speaking in foreign language)
Two months after Copeland's bombings.
Uwe Böhnhardt and Uwe Mundlos got down to business.
In Nuremberg. near the railway station.
they planted a bomb.
in a small pub run by a Turk.
It was designed to look like a flashlight.
when switched on. it would explode.
A young Turk found the device.
but his injuries were minor.
During this time. the neo-Nazis underground group managed
to obtain a Ceska 83 pistol with a silencer.
765 millimeter.
(dramatic music)
Internationally. the white area in resistance.
was growing more radical.
(speaking in foreign language)
(dramatic music)
Racism knew no bounds.
(speaking in foreign language)
This text became the Bible for the militant neo-Nazi scene.
By 2000. militant neo-Nazi groups around the world
were contemplating attacks.
At this time Böhnhardt and Mundlos must've started to scout
for victims and targets.
In this phase.
the Federal Domestic Intelligence Agency was warning
that right-wing terrorists would not strike
in large organized groups.
but rather as underground cells.
(speaking in foreign language)
In fact. the Domestic Intelligence Agency
and several of its local branches
almost caught the fugitive trio.
For example. Thomas Targa. an important supporter
of the trio was being very closely monitored.
The agents also stumbled on an apartment in Chemnitz.
in which they suspected a supporter of the trio.
Once again. the police turned to the public
in order to lure the fugitives out in the open.
(speaking in foreign language)
On the day the program was broadcast.
the apartment of the trio supporter was being monitored
by Domestic Intelligence.
A man was filmed but not investigated.
Several weeks passed before the footage was reviewed
by federal police.
Investigators were 90% certain.
the unidentified man was the fugitive Uwe Böhnhardt.
Shortly after the broadcast. Böhnhardt. Mundlos and Zschäpe.
disappeared again.
but they were nearby.
With the help of their supporters.
they relocated on the outskirts of Zwickau.
right-wing terror was a hot topic in Germany at the time.
(speaking in foreign language)
Importantly. Obama tech in Dusseldorf was a wake up call
for the political establishment.
The victims were mostly Jewish immigrants from Russia.
(speaking in foreign language)
Politicians were under pressure.
Right-wing attacks were in the headlines.
As a result. the federal government banned blood and honor.
the right wing network supporting the fanatical fugitives.
Shortly before. Carson Chapinski the informer so close
to the trio. was unmasked as informer Piato.
Now the trio knew police and Domestic Intelligence
were onto them.
Shortly after piato's cover was blown.
The underground terrorists began
their unprecedented series of murders.
In September 2000. Böhnhardt and Mundlos
found their first target on the outskirts of Nuremberg.
close to the historic Nazi party rally grounds.
They approached a man selling flowers.
They fired with two guns at the man in his van.
Hit by eight bullets. he survived for two days.
He was the first of 10 innocent victims
of their unprecedented killing spree.
No one in law enforcement made the connection
between this heinous crime and the neo-Nazis trio
in the underground.
After the first murder. Zschäpe. Mundlos and Böhnhardt.
continued to live on the outskirts of Zwickau
in a small flat.
Here they created their first video claiming responsibility.
(rock music)
At that time.
another important informer for Domestic Intelligence
was also living in Zwickau.
His name was Ralf Marschner. codename Primus.
He'd been secretly observing the militant right-wing scene
for years.
At one time. he sold blood and honor propaganda videos
in Thüringer.
(dramatic music)
In 2000. he ran a small construction firm
for demolition work.
Previously he'd never held a job for very long.
(speaking in foreign language)
Marschner was able to employ his right-wing friends.
Clearly. Uwe Mundlos was working for the informer.
(speaking in foreign language)
Today. the former Domestic Intelligence informer
runs a shop in Lichtenstein.
(speaking in foreign language)
In his statements to Swiss police.
Marschner merely stated that a certain Max-Florian Burkhardt
had worked for him.
Burkhardt was the most important alias used by Uwe Mundlos
in the underground.
He had identity papers in that name.
Had one of the fugitives therefore worked
for a government informer?
(dramatic music)
(speaking in foreign language)
No wonder the informer doesn't want to talk about it.
While Mundlos was supposedly working for him.
two cars were rented in the name of Martinez company.
One. on June 13th. 2001.
The day the second NSU victim was shot
and killed in Nuremberg.
The victim was Abdurrahim Özüdoğru. the tailor.
The cars were used for transportation to construction sites.
Marschner claims.
He offers no explanation how he was able
to afford such expensive vehicles.
even though his company was constantly short of cash.
The informer maintains his silence.
His intelligence officer also claims
Marschner knew nothing.
A close friend and employee of Marschner was registered
as driver of the vehicle. Yens G from Civico.
He lives in that Poland Straza. across from the corner house
where the terrorists lived for seven years.
They moved here in May. 2001.
and continued their murderous activities from this location.
Marschner again. rented a car
from August 15th to September 1st. 2001.
During this time span. on August 29th.
Habil Kılıç was shot and killed in Munchen.
The murder weapon was a ceska 83.
In 2002. the Domestic Intelligence Agency deactivated
several informers.
They'd been discovered to be perpetual liars.
Marschner alias Primus was also decommissioned at this time.
(tense music)
The first traces of the underground terror group
are today's stored in Berlin. quite spec.
By 2002 the group had given itself a name.
and was contacting the right-wing scene.
Under the designation National Socialist Underground or NSU.
the terrorists contributed money to neo-Nazi magazines.
Their donations were accompanied by a slogan
with a very clear message. victory or death.
Some of the magazines are filed with the anti-fascist
archive in Berlin.
They are available to the general public today.
and they were then.
when the neo-Nazi paper publicly thanked the NSU.
The Domestic Intelligence Agency was aware of this.
but apparently no one made the connection
to the fugitive terror trio behind it.
And thus. the series continued.
(speaking in foreign language)
For no apparent reason.
the NSU took a break of three years.
No one was killed.
The Cesca was unused. until February. 2004.
when the group struck again. this time in Rostock.
The victim. the 24 year old immigrant
from Turkey. Mehmet Turgut
the police investigation took off on the wrong track.
(speaking in foreign language)
Mundlos and Böhnhardt used other weapons
for their robberies.
Never the ceska.
Still in 2004. Böhnhardt and Mundlos committed their crimes
in broad daylight.
On TV. the police were searching for bank robbers linked
to Zwickau who escaped on bicycles.
The method was always the same yet neither the police.
nor the intelligence service connected the dots.
Although the trio was still perceived as a threat.
(speaking in foreign language)
Only a few weeks after their attacks were reported again
on television.
Uwe Mundlos and Uwe Böhnhardt surfaced in cologne.
On a June afternoon in 2004. Böhnhardt approached the heart
of Cologne's Turkish community on a bicycle.
Uwe Mundlos followed close behind.
and parked his bicycle right in front of a hairdresser's.
In the bike basket was a gas bottle filled.
with black powder and nails.
It was connected to a remote controlled detonator.
(speaking in foreign language)
The nails. shot like SRAP nails with the neighborhood
injuring dozens of people.
The Cologne police did not suspect a right-wing attack.
Although its aim was to randomly target immigrants.
(speaking in foreign language)
But again. the Domestic Intelligence Agency
had the right hunch.
They saw the parallels to nail bombs in London.
instructions on how to build such bombs
that appeared in detail in British neo-Nazi magazines.
Yon Vanna. the NSU supporter.
had a close relationship to their publishers.
In Vayner surroundings was an additional informer.
Thomas starker. an important supporter
of the underground terror trio.
had hired on as a source for the Berlin police.
Nevertheless. no one moved to stop the trio.
After the attack in cologne.
the three from Jena took a vacation on the Baltic sea.
No matter how close the investigation got
to the underground Nazis.
no one seemed to be able to stop them
on their national killing spree.
Summer. 2005. a year to the day after the nail bomb attack.
Once again. it was 9th of June.
As in Cologne. the NSU located sixth murder attack.
Ismail Yasar was working in his Kebab stand
in a supermarket parking lot.
Police investigators still suspected the perpetrators came
from the field of organized crime.
A special task force. the BAO Bosporus.
now took over the case.
(speaking in foreign language)
This time. several witnesses saw the murderers.
They came on bicycles. and there were two of them.
All the leads were reviewed by the investigators.
They also called in a profiler.
(speaking in foreign language)
Only a few days later. on June 15th.
the weapon was used again.
Theodoros Boulgarides. a Greek shopkeeper.
was shot and murdered in his key service store in Munchen.
And whether coincidence or not.
on the same day. after long discussions.
Domestic Intelligence reactivated there informer
Corelli. Thomas Richter.
The president of the Domestic Intelligence Agency
Hans Maaben. personally reactivated Corelli as an informer.
He had been deactivated due to unreliability.
Now. his contacts in the right-wing scene were needed again.
Thomas Richter was well networked.
with context extending into the KU Klux Klan.
(speaking in foreign language)
But occultists were welcome in the KKK.
Schimid introduced the intelligence informer
into his local branch of the KU Klux Klan.
(speaking in foreign language)
Thomas Richter reported to Domestic Intelligence
on how often Schimid's clan chapter
was getting continually larger.
(speaking in foreign language)
Corelli reported in detail about the clan.
but he also withheld other information from the authorities.
(speaking in foreign language)
According to the official version.
which the past music CD onto Domestic Intelligence.
on its cover were Hitler's hands.
and NSDAP. for Hitler's third Reich party.
(speaking in foreign language)
After years of feudal searching for the murderers
with a cesca.
police turned to the intelligence services for help.
In March. 2006. they contacted Domestic Intelligence
in Hessen. and they forwarded an information sheet
about the serial killings.
They wanted informers to ask around
to find what people in the scene were saying.
The murder weapon. the cesca.
was the only link between the victims.
Barely two weeks later that same weapon was used again.
On April 4th. 2006. Mehmet Kubasik was shot
in his wife's kiosk in Dortmund's notch debt.
He was helping out.
It was pure coincidence that Kubasik was in the shop.
Shortly before the crime. two thin men on bicycles
were seen in the vicinity.
(dramatic music)
Two days after the Dortmund murder.
Halit Yozgat the young owner of an internet cafe.
was shot and killed in his shop.
For the ninth time. the murder weapon was the cesca 83.
The murderer fired two bullets into the victim's head
(speaking in foreign language)
Six people had been in the cafe when the owner was shot.
They all made statements. except one.
A person of interest.
A 14 year old boy had seen the man and could describe him.
The police analyzed the computer he'd been using
and found a suspect.
He had several apartments.
including one in his parents' house
on the outskirts of castle.
Searching it. the police found several weapons.
and confidential intelligence documents.
His name was. Andreas Temme.
He handled informers for the local Domestic Intelligence
in Hessen.
(speaking in foreign language)
Police detectives reenacted the situation at the crime scene
with intelligence agent Temme.
He claimed he'd been surfing in the back room.
and then wanted to pay.
First. he'd looked for the owner of the cafe at the counter.
then outside.
but he didn't find him.
By then. the police are sure.
Halit Yozgat was already lying dead on the floor.
(speaking in foreign language)
A lying a secret agent. and the police were helpless.
Domestic Intelligence remains silent on the issue.
Events in the internet cafe are still unclear today.
Temme handled the source in the right-wing scene
where the murderers were active.
The hessian committee of inquiry was unable to find out
why the informer had called Temme shortly before the crime.
As a standard procedure the police investigators
had tapped Temme's telephone.
They heard his colleagues asking
about a situation as a suspect.
(speaking in foreign language)
A high ranking officer from Domestic Intelligence
was recorded making another controversial statement
to Temme on the phone.
(speaking in foreign language)
Six months after the police ended their investigation
against the intelligence agent.
the man who knew nothing. heard nothing and saw nothing.
was given a new job in the government pension office.
10 years after the murder.
He still doesn't want to answer questions.
Which is one of the reasons the murder of your Yozgat
has not been fully explained to this day.
(speaking in foreign language)
The actual role of intelligence agent Temme remains unclear.
Yet the murder in counsel was the turning point
for taskforce BAO Bosporus.
The investigators realized their organized crime theory
had been wrong.
(speaking in foreign language)
The investigators were now closing in on the real killers.
They were looking for two men who were on a mission
to kill immigrants.
(speaking in foreign language)
These brothers in spirit were bound together
by their hatred of all things foreign.
(speaking in foreign language)
The investigators Dragnet.
They were looking for two perpetrators
male. who had dropped out of the right-wing scene
before the first murder in 2000.
following the Motto. deeds not words.
(speaking in foreign language)
The investigators launched a media campaign.
They also went on local TV in East Germany.
They were on the doorstep of the killers.
who were still hiding in plain sight.
(speaking in foreign language)
The program was apparently also watched in Zwickau.
four days after the broadcast Uwe Böhnhardt robbed a bank.
on his own.
He came within an inch of being overwhelmed.
(speaking in foreign language)
At least one underground terrorist seemed to be nervous.
The Ceska series of murders was actually over.
without the investigators noticing.
Had they unsettled the murderers?
Böhnhardt and Mundlos however didn't change
their approach completely.
They continued to Rob banks
and again were filmed several times.
(speaking in foreign language)
Now. there was an identikit picture
of Uwe Böhnhardt as a bank robber.
And once again. it seemed there was a reaction in Zwickau.
On the day the police manhunt program was broadcast.
it appears that Uwe Mundlos began
to edit a new NSU confessor DVD.
For six weeks. he worked on a film.
using material from the "Pink Panther" television series.
The NSU confessed to the nine murders.
But then something must have happened
that they weren't expecting.
Böhnhardt and Mundlos rented a mobile home
as they had performed most of their other murders.
The mobile home was observed by the police
in Oberstenfeld on the outskirts of Heilbronn.
on April 25th. 2007.
A few minutes earlier. police woman Michele Kiesewetter
had been shot in Heilbronn.
Her colleague critically wounded.
The perpetrators had taken the officer's service weapons.
The crime took place in the middle of the city.
in broad daylight.
The victim police woman Kiesewetter
was born in Oberweisbach.
The small village is a few miles away
from Moodle step where the NSU has its roots.
Police woman Kiesewetter was buried right
in the Heartland of the Thuringer Heimatchtuz.
Her colleagues from the riot police formed an honor guard.
One of these colleagues Timo Hess.
was in Heilabronn on the day of the crime.
He led her unit and was at the scene within minutes.
He had contacts to fanatics as a young policeman.
he had been a member of the KU Klux Klan.
(speaking in foreign language)
Back then. the policeman wrote an essay about politics
and race in the spirit of a white area in resistance.
like the ideology of the murderers of his colleague.
who also admitted the murder of Kiesewetter on their DVD.
(speaking in foreign language)
(dramatic music)
The BAO Bosporus taskforce continued to search publicly
for the murderers with the ceska.
and extended their inquiries
to include the police woman's murder.
(speaking in foreign language)
And yet there were no visible connections
between the series of nine murders of immigrants.
and the Kiesewetter case.
The investigators were stumped.
(speaking in foreign language)
A few months after the murder of Michele Kiesewetter.
the task force ceased its investigations.
its efforts had been in vain.
(speaking in foreign language)
Even the murderers seemed to have had enough.
A year after the Kiesewetter murder.
the trio moved to a middle-class district in Zwickau.
They turned their apartment into a warehouse.
for weapons. ammunition trophies of their deeds.
The hideout was monitored by cameras.
that recorded how they came in and out of the house.
They received visits from friends from the right-wing scene.
Why Zschäpe. Böhnhardt and Mundlos chose such protection
is unknown.
Then in September. 2011 after a break for four years.
they prepared another bank robbery.
They hired a camper and stowed bicycles in it
for their escape.
(speaking in foreign language)
Investigators in Saxony recognized their series
of 13 bank robberies.
and passed on a tip to their colleagues in Thuringer.
Perpetrators must have escaped in a van or a camper.
(speaking in foreign language)
Chief of detectives. Michael Menzel
expected the bank robbers would strike again soon.
He kept police officers on standby for weeks.
(speaking in foreign language)
The time finally came on the 4th of November. 2011.
The bank robbers struck again.
They got away with more than 70.000 euros.
but as they put their bicycles in the camper.
they were seen.
Now. the police knew which vehicle to look for.
(speaking in foreign language)
The bank robbers knew the police were on their trail.
They drove into a new residential area. and waited.
The squad car found them.
The two policemen would later report
that they had heard shots.
Flames flared up.
(speaking in foreign language)
The camper was towed to a warehouse and examined.
the corpse is still inside.
(speaking in foreign language)
Evidence from 10 murders was found in the camper.
The confessor DVDs and the weapons belonging
to the murdered police woman and her colleague.
(speaking in foreign language)
The police in GOTA contacted the state police in Thüringer.
that had been hunting Zschäpe. Mundlos
and Böhnhardt in vain.
(speaking in foreign language)
This intelligence agent.
who had helped develop the high matchup through Tino Brandt.
could or would not help the police.
(speaking in foreign language)
The final retreat of the terror trio was revealed
by its third member. Beate Zschäpe.
She set fire to the house and the frilliest asset.
There. the investigators found final proof
in the remains of the house.
The cesca with which nine people had been murdered.
Beate Zschäpe after wandering around for several days.
turned herself in to the police.
The National Socialist Underground. unmasked.
(speaking in foreign language)
Beate Zschäpe has spent years in court.
together with former members of the Thuringian Heimatschutz.
Most of her companions are uncommunicated as witnesses.
and thus many of the central questions remain open.
For the authorities.
that were closest to the perpetrators as well.
(speaking in foreign language)
Thousand fulling Straza has been torn down.
Intelligence services continue to block attempts
to clear up the case.
They say.
they're just protecting the interests of the state.
(speaking in foreign language)
(dramatic music)